# Increasing Decreasing String

Given a string `s`. You should re-order the string using the following algorithm:

1. Pick the **smallest** character from `s` and **append** it to the
   result.
2. Pick the **smallest** character from `s` which is greater than the
   last appended character to the result and **append** it.
3. Repeat step 2 until you cannot pick more characters.
4. Pick the **largest** character from `s` and **append** it to the result.
5. Pick the **largest** character from `s` which is smaller than the
   last appended character to the result and **append** it.
6. Repeat step 5 until you cannot pick more characters.
7. Repeat the steps from 1 to 6 until you pick all characters from `s`.

In each step, If the smallest or the largest character appears more than
once you can choose any occurrence and append it to the result.

Return _the result string_ after sorting `s` with this algorithm.

**Example 1:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "aaaabbbbcccc"
<b>Output</b>: "abccbaabccba"
<b>Explanation</b>: After steps 1, 2 and 3 of the first iteration, result = "abc"
After steps 4, 5 and 6 of the first iteration, result = "abccba"
First iteration is done. Now s = "aabbcc" and we go back to step 1
After steps 1, 2 and 3 of the second iteration, result = "abccbaabc"
After steps 4, 5 and 6 of the second iteration, result = "abccbaabccba"
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "rat"
<b>Output</b>: "art"
<b>Explanation</b>: The word "rat" becomes "art" after re-ordering it with the mentioned algorithm.
</pre>

**Example 3:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "leetcode"
<b>Output</b>: "cdelotee"
</pre>

**Example 4:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "ggggggg"
<b>Output</b>: "ggggggg"
</pre>

**Example 5:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: s = "spo"
<b>Output</b>: "ops"
</pre>

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 500`
* `s` contains only lower-case English letters.

[The problem on leetcode.com](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-decreasing-string/)

## Solution

```scala
object Solution {
    def sortString(s: String): String = {
        val letters = Array.ofDim[Int](26)
        s.foreach(c => letters(c - 'a') += 1)

        val sb = new StringBuilder()
        def addLetter(i: Int) {
            sb += ('a' + i).toChar
            letters(i) -= 1
        }

        while (letters.exists(_ > 0)) {
            for ((c, i) <- letters.view.zipWithIndex if c > 0) addLetter(i)
            for ((c, i) <- letters.view.reverse.zipWithIndex if c > 0) addLetter(25 - i)
        }

        sb.toString
    }
}
```
