# Minimum Subsequence in Non-Increasing Order

Given the array `nums`, obtain a subsequence of the array whose sum of
elements is **strictly greater** than the sum of the non included
elements in such subsequence. 

If there are multiple solutions, return the subsequence with **minimum
size** and if there still exist multiple solutions, return the
subsequence with the **maximum total** sum of all its elements. A
subsequence of an array can be obtained by erasing some (possibly zero)
elements from the array. 

Note that the solution with the given constraints is guaranteed to be
**unique**. Also return the answer sorted in **non-increasing** order.

**Example 1:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [4,3,10,9,8]
<b>Output</b>: [10,9]
<b>Explanation</b>: The subsequences [10,9] and [10,8] are minimal such
that the sum of their elements is strictly greater than the sum of
elements not included, however, the subsequence [10,9] has the maximum
total sum of its elements.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [4,4,7,6,7]
<b>Output</b>: [7,7,6]
<b>Explanation</b>: The subsequence [7,7] has the sum of its elements
equal to 14 which is not strictly greater than the sum of elements not
included (14 = 4 + 4 + 6). Therefore, the subsequence [7,6,7] is the
minimal satisfying the conditions. Note the subsequence has to returned
in non-decreasing order.
</pre>

**Example 3:**
<pre>
<b>Input</b>: nums = [6]
<b>Output</b>: [6]
</pre>

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 500`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 100`

[The problem on leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-subsequence-in-non-increasing-order/)

## Solution

```scala
object Solution {
    def minSubsequence(nums: Array[Int]): List[Int] = {
        val half = nums.sum / 2
        nums.sortInPlaceWith(_ > _)
        val count = nums.view.scan(0)(_ + _).takeWhile(_ <= half).size
        nums.view.take(count).toList
    }
}
```
