# Number of Students Unable to Eat Lunch

The school cafeteria offers circular and square sandwiches at lunch
break, referred to by numbers `0` and `1` respectively. All students
stand in a queue. Each student either prefers square or circular
sandwiches.

The number of sandwiches in the cafeteria is equal to the number of
students. The sandwiches are placed in a **stack**. At each step:

* If the student at the front of the queue **prefers** the sandwich on
  the top of the stack, they will **take it** and leave the queue.
* Otherwise, they will **leave it** and go to the queue's end.

This continues until none of the queue students want to take the top
sandwich and are thus unable to eat.

You are given two integer arrays `students` and `sandwiches` where
`sandwiches[i]` is the type of the <code>i<sup>th</sup></code> sandwich
in the stack (`i = 0` is the top of the stack) and `students[j]` is the
preference of the <code>j<sup>th</sup></code> student in the initial
queue (`j = 0` is the front of the queue). Return _the number of
students that are unable to eat_.

**Example 1:**
<pre>
<b>Input: students = [1,1,0,0], sandwiches = [0,1,0,1]</b>
<b>Output: 0</b>
<b>Explanation:</b>
- Front student leaves the top sandwich and returns to the end of the line making students = [1,0,0,1].
- Front student leaves the top sandwich and returns to the end of the line making students = [0,0,1,1].
- Front student takes the top sandwich and leaves the line making students = [0,1,1] and sandwiches = [1,0,1].
- Front student leaves the top sandwich and returns to the end of the line making students = [1,1,0].
- Front student takes the top sandwich and leaves the line making students = [1,0] and sandwiches = [0,1].
- Front student leaves the top sandwich and returns to the end of the line making students = [0,1].
- Front student takes the top sandwich and leaves the line making students = [1] and sandwiches = [1].
- Front student takes the top sandwich and leaves the line making students = [] and sandwiches = [].
Hence all students are able to eat.
</pre>

**Example 2:**
<pre>
<b>Input: students = [1,1,1,0,0,1], sandwiches = [1,0,0,0,1,1]</b>
<b>Output: 3</b>
</pre>

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= students.length, sandwiches.length <= 100`
* `students.length == sandwiches.length`
* `sandwiches[i]` is `0` or `1`.
* `students[i]` is `0` or `1`.

[The problem on leetcode.com](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-students-unable-to-eat-lunch/)

## Solution

```scala
object Solution {
    def countStudents(students: Array[Int], sandwiches: Array[Int]): Int = {
        val studentCount = Array(
            students.count(_ == 0),
            students.count(_ == 1))

        var stop = false
        sandwiches.count(sandwich => {
            if (!stop) {
                studentCount(sandwich) -= 1
                stop = studentCount(sandwich) < 0
            }
            stop
        })
    }
}
```
